

The agile Scrum SDLC and Waterfall SDLC are two very different methods of handling software development. Generally, Scrum is the better life cycle model but there are advantages to using the Waterfall cycle.

    Communication - One of the strong suits of Scrum is the constant communication between team members as there are both daily meetings and meetings at the beginning and end of sprints. This is always a great thing but it can be difficult of the team is split between different locations (if workers work from home). The waterfall has a reduced amount of communication depending on what step is currently being worked on. Workers can often go for longer stretches without needing to communicate with other workers because of the extensive planning, but this may also introduce errors which aren't caught until later.
    Efficiency and Refinement - Another great benefit of the Scrum method is the ability to quickly improve methods and quality of work as work is reviewed after each sprint. During this meeting the team can think of way to work more efficiently and deliver a better quality product. This is extremely difficult to do in the the Waterfall method as large chunks of work are completed in a single go. If a team member were to find a way to save time, it would likely be to late to apply it as the work would have been done already. Even if they did apply the way to save time while in the middle of the project, the team will have wasted a lot of time in the first half of the project. This is why Scrum chops the project up into smaller pieces with plenty of chances to flesh out new ways of saving time after each sprint.
    Time Requirement - With the time saving improvements implemented in Scrum, it makes projects run faster and will likely result in the project being completed on time. There is also another consideration that needs to be made which is the time to minimum viable product. Minimum viable product can be achieved much quicker with scrum as the product reach minimum viability after 1-3 sprints, whereas with the Waterfall method the product is released until it is complete. In many cases a minimum viable product is perfectly able to be released to the market, or even as Alphas or Betas.
    Legal Requirements & Security - One of the areas in which the Waterfall method may have the edge over Scrum is when it comes to applications that need to be ultra secure and the best (Banking, Medical, Avionics, etc). Scrum sprints are very short and the focus is pumping out software and knocking off things of the Product backlog. Government contracts also require a lot when it comes to following rules on Accessibility and Security. These application require enormous amounts of planning, and it is best to spend a lot of time planning so that the team knows how to meet all requirements and regulation. These are also the types of programs where it is unlikely you will be adding features down the road, instead focusing on creating a core program that does what it needs securely with no bells or whistles.  
    Cost - Cost is a big factor that is closely tied with time. If you can pump out things more quickly, your cost will go down and you can focus on other projects. However, if you are creating a program that is extremely important or requires extra security, then rushing during production could cost you later when you are fined for not meeting a Accessibility requirement for a government contract or if your program is hacked. However, if you are just releasing a basic commercial application, using Scrum will save you time and therefore likely money too. 